fix(http): Accept-Encoding can appear in both requests and responses (#36657)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/accept-encoding/index.md

{{HTTPSidebar}}

> The HTTP **`Accept-Encoding`** {{glossary("request header", "request")}} and {{glossary("response header")}} indicates the content encoding (usually a compression algorithm) that the recipient can understand.

Author: Thanks @hamishwillee - I just noticed this should be "sender" not "recipient"... we should fix

In requests, the server uses [content negotiation](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Content_negotiation) to select one of the encoding proposals from the client and informs the client of that choice with the {{HTTPHeader("Content-Encoding")}} response header.

> In responses, it provides information about which encodings are preferred in the content of a subsequent request to the same resource.

Reviewer: I found it a little confusing because I was thinking of a cycle where I do a get request and then get a response - why would it be needed? Perhaps clarify with an example (something like)

```suggestion
In responses, it provides information about which content encodings the server can understand for content in messages to the requested resource, so that the encoding can be used in subsequent requests to the resource. For example, this might be sent in the response to a PUT request to a resource that used an unsupported encoding.
```

Author: Looks good, some minor tweak on the formatting, but will commit now
